Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
I'm Hanselman it's dot
com. It's Hanselman. It's all
weekly discussion with web developer
and technologist Scott Hanselman. This
is Lawrence Ryan mounting show number
543. In this episode, Scott
talks with Daphne Chong about
becoming a more social developer.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes today. We're talking
with Daphne Chung. She is
a longtime tech lead and
developer. How are you? I'm
great. Thank you, Scott. How
are you? I'm lovely. And
you're calling me from Australia
and I appreciate you dealing
with all the time zones.
It is a bit tricky
with the West coast. Yeah.
It's like 17 hours in
the past or something. I
don't know where you are
for the future or the
past right now, but I
appreciate your time When I
know what's going to happen
tomorrow. Just give me a
call. So we met at
NDC this conference in Sydney
a while back, and we
had a really great chat
and like really good chats.
It felt like the kind
of thing that you wanted
to record. So, you know,
I wish I could just,
you know, have a great
chat and go, Oh, I'm
going to suddenly make that
chat a podcast, but I
can't always, but I am
fortunate enough to talk to
you again. And the topic
that we were thinking about
was this idea of personal
development, but not just personal
development, kind of continuous personal
development, always thinking about how
to improve yourself, particularly in
the, in the space of
being a better developer. Yeah.
I, it's something that I
really like to kind of
do set goals for myself
and try to think about
what I'm going to learn
next. And I think as
developers, you've kind of got
to always be constantly learning
something because what you're working
on now will probably not
be the same in another,
you know, three or five
years. And I always just
think it's really good to
think about what's next you
actually want to do and
give it a go. Is
it something that you have
to do consciously? Or is
this something that's innate? Is
it built in, I mean,
are we always improving without
doing anything about it? I
don't feel that way. I
always to put in some
conscious effort, I think when
you look around at other
people, it always feels like
there's, everyone's smarter than you.
You know, it looks like
there's always people achieving all
these great things. And I
think if you are willing
to invest sort of small
steps to improve or change
your skills or what you
do, you can kind of
get to the same places
where they are. And that's
not something that's really obvious,
you know, it's not, it's
not obvious. You've got to
think about specifically, I'm taking
conscious steps to kind of
do things like that. Why
does it feel though, like
not to get to imposter
syndrome, but it feels like
everyone around me is smarter,
you know? And it's just
like, I'm just making it
up as I go along.
You know, I don't, I
feel like I'm constantly having
to learn just to catch
up. Yeah. I think everybody
is going to be skillset.
Everybody is good at and
skillset that everybody needs to
improve on. And it's always
kind of daunting to start
wherever it is that you,
you go and you kind
of need to think about
what, what do you do?
Well, there's going to be
things that you help you
are really good at at
doing. So you might be
really good at explaining things
to people, or you might
be really good at, you
know, taking a framework and
deeply kind of digging into
it and understanding how it
works and the ways that
you're going to learn different
skills are going to depend
how, how well you do
things currently. So if you're
really good at details, you
know, you, you might need
a really solid block of
time to just sit down
with a new technology or
a new thing and, you
know, dive deeply into how
it works. But if you're
much more good at kind
of working with things on
the fly, you know, you
could hear an explanation about
some new tech from somebody,
go read a blog post
and you're like, Oh cool.
I understand how that's gonna
work. And I think that's
just gonna be different for
everybody. And so, you know,
me personally, I don't, I
don't read things off blogs
and then go, yeah, cool.
I understand how that works.
You know, I need to
actually sort of sit down
and play with something we're
actually go through probably a
more structured kind of seeing
like a tutorial or a,
some kind of book that
explains it, really aspects of
these things are. And that's
how I feel like I
learn best. So I try
to make sure that when
I'm picking up something new,
I'm doing it that way
rather than trying to learn
a different way, which won't
be as successful for me.
And that will mean that
I will not feel like
I'm, you know, I'll feel
like a little bit, like
I have not learned this
well or failed at learning
this well, when in fact
I just didn't set myself
up to try and learn
in the best way that
I can. Right. And it
seems like it's also important
to remember that everyone in
tech is always learning like
five years ago, I was
doing, you know, dot net
2.0 or whatever in five
years before that it was
common D common C plus
plus, and five years before
that it was Pascal. So
what I learned in school
from a language and computers
perspective is completely obsolete at
this point. So like you
said, what am I good
at? Right. Yeah, totally. Right.
You know, there's, there's going
to be, what what's important
is that you learn how
you learn or learn how
to learn. And that's going
to set you up for
the next sort of 10,
20, 30 years of your
career, because people are going
to your skills on how
to, how to learn, how
to pick up things are
valued, not what, you know,
specifically what you currently know,
cause that won't be applicable
when yeah. Five years. It
seems like there's, there's, there's
different levels at which people
kind of interview. At two,
I had a friend who
is a long time, she's
sharp developer. And they went
and interviewed at a big
Ruby on rails shop. And
I was like, what are
you, how is that even
like possible? Let's just like,
you know, you speak French.
Why are you interfering in
Spain? And they were like,
well, no, they just wanted
to know how, you know,
my thoughts on architecture, my
thoughts on debugging and whether
I could explain things and
you know, how I think,
and they weren't worried about
the language. And I thought
to myself, you don't really
hear that a lot. People
feel that they need to
be experts before they go
and apply for they go
and get a, get a
job. Yeah. I think that's
great, you know, employees that
interview like that are fantastic
because they're kind of looking
more at what's your, your
experience where, you know, what
are your opinions that have
led you to kind of
hear so much more kind
of a general overview about
you then? Yeah. Okay. Specifically,
do you know what this
framework does when you put
it under these conditions? And
if you don't fail, we
don't want to, you know,
don't want to talk to
you. So I, you know,
it's great. It's great. When
people kind of look a
bit more at the wider
picture about you and your
skills. Right, right. Don't this
isn't jeopardy. I don't want
to be, I don't want
you asking me trivia questions
about Python. You know, I
want to know if you
want to, if you care
about how I learn and
you have to learn how
you learn, like, are you
a kinesthetic learner or are
you an auditory learner? Yeah.
Yes, actually. That's great. That
is, yeah. That's a great
point because I always like,
if I can hear somebody
saying something to me, I'll
recall that much better than,
you know, other people who
might have to yeah. Do
it. I actually wasn't sure.
What was the first term
you used Kinesthetic, you know,
like kinetic and how do
you know, can you touch
things and can you feel
things? Oh, that's great. Yeah.
Yeah. Kinesthetic learning is like
carrying out physical activities rather
than doing lectures and watching
demonstrations. Like today I was
putting together something with my
nephew, an eight or fruit
electronics project. And I had
to keep catching myself too.
I was doing the, like
screwing in the screws and
you know, doing the soldering
and I would, I would
just have to stop and
say, he may not be
learning because I'm doing it.
So I had to, like,
I would do one screw
and then I would hand
it to him. You know
what I mean? Cause I
don't know how he learns.
Yeah. Yeah. And the same
thing in development. I think
you, you always remember gotchas
in software or languages when
you've had to go and
fix the bug that, you
know, was there, if someone
else told you yeah, I
fixed it by changing this,
you know, like, Oh cool.
But you know, you always
remember that boat like 10
years ago that, that you
fixed. Cause I spent three
days hunting it down. Yeah,
yeah. Yeah. So you have
to you're you're telling me
that you have to figure
out what it is that
you know how to do
well. And that sometimes means
you're just sit down and
think about that. Like you
should almost schedule time to
think about how you learn.
You can't just come up
with this spontaneously. Yeah, yeah.
Or, you know, kind of
experiment and say, all right,
I'd like to learn Ruby.
Maybe this week, I'll try
reading a book about Ruby
or, and next week I'll
try doing a tutorial about
Ruby and the week after,
maybe I'll go to a
user group and hear somebody
talk about, you know, Ruby
and whichever one of those
sort of works more for
you. You can go, okay,
this is a way that
I seem to be picking
up things or, you know,
you, you, you just try
bashing it out and going
to stack overflow. And whenever
you get stuck on a
problem. And I think all
of those things sort of
tell you a little bit
about what's gonna work best
for you. And you can
just apply that to things
in future that you'll want
to pick up as well.
So Python next month or
next year or whatever. Yeah.
Doesn't that require maybe a
level of confidence to say,
I don't know something like
you and I have been
doing this for many years.
Right. We have many decades
between us, but I suspect
that both of us could
say like we could show
up at a user group
and say, I don't know
anything about Ruby. I know
nothing like, and we would
be okay with that, but
it, beginner might be nervous
that by doing that, they're
going to expose themselves. That
is extremely true. And I
think, you know, there's a
line where people kind of
have to just take a
bit of a leap of
faith. And I know, you
know, me personally for many
years, I never really felt
like I wanted to participate
in things like that because
I felt like, you know,
I don't know enough. I
don't, I'm not on the
same level as these people,
I would go to user
groups and I would be
really quiet. I would just
observe what was going on.
And I really felt brave
enough to want to contribute
to anything there. I still
do not have a stack
of a flow profile where
I've answered, you know, questions.
Cause that's still something that
I feel like I can
improve on. But I think
if you find a way
that works for you in
terms of learning and it
w you know, you can
see progress. I think that's
a really great sort of
feedback loop for you. You
can feel like you're improving
on something. And for me,
the kind of way I,
I felt like I started
to learn or started to
kind of open up to
things was actually about blogging.
So I started writing a
few posts about different things
that I was just working
on and experimenting with. And
I didn't do that until
I was 30. And so
there's, there's like a whole,
like five, 10 years of
development work that I had
done previously that I had
no public voice or record
on. And even in it
sort of a few years
since then, I feel like
I've made quite a lot
of change in how I
approach and how, how open
I am. And that's actually
given me a lot more
opportunities in future to kind
of deal with things. For
example, being on a podcast,
talking to you, which is
not something that I would
have done if I had
just continued to be not
open to taking chances and
learning. Yeah, yeah. Somewhat insular.
Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. I'm
happy that I can look
back on 15 years plus
of blogging and say, gosh,
even more than that and
say, look, this is, I
can Google myself, you know,
and I can find someone
like a diner and I
can say, Oh wow, I
can't pull it out. But
Google myself, not myself, like
in an ego way, but
Google myself, like, wow, what
was I doing in 1998?
What was I doing in
2002 from a technical perspective?
You know, so, okay. So
you, you started to force
yourself to learn. You started
to go out there and
be open to new things.
So for you, the first
step was going from being
kind of a, a regular
day job programmer to a
day job programmer with a
blog. Where'd you go from
there? I think actually the
big driver for me was
I wanted to, well, it's
always kind of about this,
but I wanted to be
able to get jobs easier.
I want it to yeah.
Get the next job more
easily than I had because
I, you know, I knew
I was, I was a
good developer. I had enough
skills on my CV to
be qualified for interviews, but
sometimes I would submit, and
I wouldn't hear back from
companies that actually wanted to
work for. And I thought,
okay, you know, there's more
to me than these two
pages that are on my
CV or my resume that
people are getting. So what
can I do to actually
sort of get my authentic
voice out there? And so
the blog was one thing.
And then I started actually
going to more meetup groups
just to kind of get
exposed to different sort of
tech, but actually sort of
talking to people there, you
know, making a few connections
with people, learning a bit
about what they were working
on and I'm going to
hackathons as well, which I
always find really fun. And
it's a really, you know,
a weekend and you kind
of build something and you
learn a new piece of
tech that you never would
have before. And it's always
great to see what people
can achieve in that time.
So I found them really
inspiring, but the kind of
doing these and then actually
blogging about them as well,
gave me a bit more
surface area, You know, that's,
I liked that. You said
that because a lot of
times I'll talk to people
and they'll say, how do
you find topics? I don't
have anything to say. And
I keep thinking to myself,
well, it's not about you
making a declarative statement about
a technology all the time.
It's about your experiences. And
if you go to a
hackathon and you build something,
then you have the right
to talk about it. And
that's your opinion and your
viewpoint and your experience in
the, your experience is valid.
Therefore it can, there's a
potential talk or a YouTube
video or a podcast or
whatever. Like there's so much
quote, unquote content being created
by you just waking up
in the morning and billing
stuff. Absolutely. That's a really
important point that you've made,
you know, it's no one
can challenge you on, on
your experience. It's kind of
experience versus expertise. You know,
that, that was my massive
realization. I think that I,
I had a voice, you
know, I could contribute something
that, that was my experience
that someone else might find
useful because there's always going
to be people who are
going to find what you've
done. They will be in
the same boat, but at
some point, you know, there
may be like, Oh, Hey,
I'm trying to learn Ruby
as well. Oh, look, someone's
written a blog post about
how they got on board
with doing something in Ruby
and someone will find your
fat, your outfit valuable. And
I think you just need
to assume that you put
your voice out there. Even
if that, that owned, there
was only one other person
who might find that valuable.
If that one other person
who is actually your future
employer, that's a win for
you. And that's, I think
particularly for me, after doing
a bit more sort of
involvement in community and in
hackathons and things like that,
I actually started to help
run a user group in
Sydney called women who code.
And that's been a really
fantastic thing for me for
the last couple of years.
There's a group of sort
of now five of us
who were running different, different
workshops every sort of month.
In fact, we're now probably
up to two a month
on different technologies, but it's
just fun to be able
to have a regular way
to meet up with people
who are in industry, who
are similar to you, you
know, who are like you,
I mean, for you, obviously
there aren't that many women
in tech in a lot
of different places and we
can improve those numbers, but
it gave me so much
confidence to actually feel like
I belonged to a group,
you know, and that's not
necessarily going to be for
everyone else. Your group might
be a really group or
Python group or a, you
know, kind of data kind
of thing. But if you
find your group, if you
find a group of people
who are doing similar things
to you and keen to
learn similar things to you,
that's going to be so
helpful and feedback, you know,
and even just like, Oh
yeah. You know, tell me
about what you just learned,
because that sounds really interesting.
And I might go and
want to do that too.
So, you know, the network
and the support is great
And w and the group
can be whatever aspect of
your life you find the
most important or whatever tribe
that you're looking for, that
you find those welcoming, right?
It could be data scientists,
or it could be people
of color, or it could
be diabetics, right? Like I
have a tribe of people
that are diabetics that are
always working on, on a
hardware to solve diabetes problems.
I met a really interesting
person who is working on,
I actually had him on
the show. He was, he
had a brother who had
a neuro disorder, so he
could only move the computer
with his eyes. So he,
he made a whole system
to do that. And there's
a tribe of people out
there that are interested in
what you have to say.
So whether it's indigenous people
or whether it's big data,
like pick your tribe and
be welcomed. And if you,
if you initially go out
and find a group and
you are welcomed, well, darn
it, there's a group out
there that will Wilson, you
know, I mean, it's kind
of a part of learning
as well, and that not
everything you try is going
to be successful the first
time. And you need to,
yeah. You just need to
remember that people like John
skeet, who, who are there,
you know, he's the number
one contributor on stack overflow.
He had to start somewhere.
Everybody starts from somewhere and
persistence is just as important
as kind of execution. So
you started with the blog
and then doing meetup groups,
how did you then start
your own group? That seems
like another leap. I actually
helped to take it over
from a couple of other
women who had started up
the group a few months
before we actually took it
over. Cause they both went
to America, which was fantastic.
So there was kind of
already a bit of a
framework there for us to
just sort of step in
and, and, and run with.
But in terms of, you
know, that was great for
me. Cause I went a
whole bunch of other things
I hadn't before, like how
to organize meetups on a
monthly basis, what kind of
things we need. And just
even really rewarding, kind of
seeing people getting stuck into
coding who may not have
done it before. And that
kind of made me realize
that I was actually quite
interested in education and learning
how people learn. Cause if
you run sort of tutorials
for different things, you can
see what works and what
doesn't and how we can
optimize things to make it
really good for those people,
different people. And that actually
I ran a few groups
tutorials there in, in women
who code and that actually
sort of woke up a
bit of a different bug
in me, which was actually
public speaking. Cause you know,
there's a lot of other,
a lot of other people
who are out there who
like to talk about their
work. And I never envisaged
myself as being someone who
would want to go up
on stage in front of
everybody to talk about something
I would work on. But
I actually got a really
good opportunity through a group
called Yow in Australia. They
run conferences in many different
cities throughout the year and
they noticed the diversity of
their speakers. Wasn't great. And
they really wanted more female
speakers. So they ran a
competition to help train or
find and train 10 people,
10 women to come in
for a one day speaking
training course with someone who,
who with Damien Conway, she
is a, a big person
in the poker community, but
he also runs workshops on
how to give technical presentations.
And that was hugely valuable.
I found that really great.
I learned so much from
that day because you had
to prepare a short talk
and actually present it and
you've got to watch everybody
else do the same thing.
And that, that was a
sort of a turning point
for me going okay, you
know, or you can see
where everybody else is kind
of starting from and where
they're trying to get to
all that sort of costs
or all that's required from
this point. It's kind of
like effort and practicing and
kind of getting there. He,
he actually, sorry, just to
point out, he's got a
YouTube video of that presentation
called instantly better presentations. And
I highly recommend if you're
a technical person, then you're
looking to work out how
to present things. That's really
valuable video to watch. That's
cool. I'll find that out.
I'll put that in the
show notes. Tiny, tiny side
question was that I think
that's really cool though. Not
just to say, Hey, we
need more, you know, women's
speakers, we need more, you
know, different kinds of different
folks, you know, different folks
with different voices, but to
say, and we'll give you
training. And I think that's
pretty cool. Was that comfortable
though? Or was that okay
to have just coincidentally for
whatever, I mean, Damien's a
legend, but to have a
guy presenting on how to
present to a bunch of
women, would it have been
helpful to have a woman
helping or did that matter?
Oh, I, it didn't matter
to me personally, you know,
the industry of grades. Yeah.
As long as it is,
you know, it's someone, who's
got something to say and
something to contribute and to
be open and willing to
actually help male or female.
It just happened to be
that they were running this
workshop for female speakers. And
I think it's great that
they did it in the
first place. Anyway. I mean
they covered, covered costs. It
was brilliant gesture to kind
of make. So I was
really grateful to y'all and
what they did as a
result of that was say,
Hey, cool, we're now going
to give you a series
of three talks in Sydney,
Melbourne and Brisbane, as well
as presentations. So, so could
you please, you know, come
up with something and I
ended up presenting on a
system I had been working
on at work, which is
a new video transcoding system
for the ABC Australian broadcasting
corporation. And that was, that
was really great. I really
enjoyed kind of doing that
series. And I also enjoyed
kind of working on that
system. So it was a
big confluence of all things
that tied up together. So
at that point, then you've
got the bug, right? You've
given presentations in three different
cities and now you go
and submit your name to
other conferences. You've got a
CD that not only has
lots of experience, but also
user group running and a
blog. And now you've spoken.
So now you're on the
speaker circuit basically. Yeah. Yeah.
And to me, international speaker.
No, I see. It's so
funny because out of your
mouth, the way you say
that, that sounds way more
impressive than to me where
I'm like, all these people
had to give me all
these opportunities to stop speaking
up because for, yeah. It's,
it's so true. I think
even just this conversation has
just totally clarified that for
me. Yeah. Because you know,
the way you, the way
you say that, the way
that sounds, it's just, yeah,
it is not how I
would describe it. And for
NDC, where I met you
last week, you know, someone
had to encourage me to
actually submit that, talk to
the agenda. And I tell
you though, there's, there's a
big difference though, between like
giving someone something like here
is a talk, everything is
handled. You just need to
show up versus giving someone
an opportunity, which is like,
Hey, there's a door over
there. I've stuck my foot
in it. Would you go
and kick it open for
me? You know what I
mean? Yeah. As a friend
of mine who I've known
for freaking 20 years, and
she's just a brilliant developer
and I've worked with her
many, many years and she
now works for the government.
And then when I was
the chair of Oz con
she, her name, Kathy Lee,
she does some really amazing
work for the government. And
I said, you should do
a talk at OSCON. And
she was like, Oh no,
you know, there's just no
way. And I was like,
no, you should do this.
You're, you're awesome. You're amazing.
And you should do this
talk. And from my perspective
that, that right there, that
was the extent of my
involvement. Right. And she gave
that talk and she kicked
that talks, but it was
awesome. It was fantastic. You
know what I mean? And
she came back, she came
back later, very appreciative, but
I did nothing. Like, I've
just told you what I
did. You know what I
mean? You can do it,
head that direction. People should
give themselves more credit. Yes,
Absolutely. And even what you
did though, is just give
her a little bit of
confidence, just a little shove
off the cliff. I think
I have found, you know,
doing a lot of things
in, in groups has been
really helpful for, for that,
you know, kind of like
building up confidence because if
you don't feel like you're
alone, then you know, so
much easier to kind of,
or even admit that you
don't know something or that
you need help for something
like one thing that I've
actually found as well with
this, this whole learning thing
is I've done been in
a few study groups where
we as a group, there's
a bunch of people who
decide they want to learn
something. And they're great because
no one's saying, Hey, I
am the expert. You know,
I will teach you. It's
all these people saying, all
right, we don't know what
we don't know this, but
we, we all want to
learn how to do it.
And we set aside time
every week to meet up
and do a bunch of
exercises or, you know, an
assignment if you like, it's
a little bit like a
self arranged class, but at
the end of the course,
you have looked back and
realized, Hey, I learned know
I just learned JavaScript. Or
I just learned a bunch
of data structures and algorithms
that I didn't know very
well before. And those are
both study groups that I've
participated in or run. And
that's been hugely valuable because
people, people are coming here
admitting that they, they want
to learn and they don't
know. And that's totally okay.
There is no expert there
and that's been really good
for support as well, generally,
You know, and calling it
back to the beginning where
you were talking about the
different ways that people learn.
I think that developers think
that there's user groups and
there's conferences, you know, and
you pointed out that there's
study groups and there's pair
programming and there's, you know,
Skyping with friends in another
country and sharing your screen.
And paraprogramming, and I recently
learned that there's a thing
called mob programming, having like
10 people in a room,
all programming on the same
thing. And you take turns
on the keyboard. Like, I
didn't know that was a
thing, but then someone someone's
going to discover that not
only is it a thing,
but it's the thing that
absolutely like turn the light
on for them. So there's,
there's other opportunities out there
than just going to user
groups and listening to people
talk. Yes, always, always. I
think that that's a very
excellent point that, you know,
it's not just conferences and
meetups. There's so many other
ways to kind of learn
even stack overflow, I think
is great. If you, if
you know a little bit
about a particular piece of
technology or framework or something,
you can answer questions from
people who are looking for
help and that's going to
help you feel, Hey, cool.
You know, I do know
a little bit about this
or if you don't know,
Hey, you, you might go
and research about what it
is so you can help
them answer the question. And
now you suddenly learn more
than you knew before they're
doing a talk or something
like that takes a lot
of prep, but answering a
stack overflow question might only
be like 10 minutes of
your time, half an hour
of your time, But it's,
so it takes a lot
of prep, but it sounds
like you particularly to accomplish
these things kind of committed
to a goal and basically
assigned yourself some deadlines. Yes.
I've got this phrase I
love, which is called deadline
driven development. And I think
a lot of people probably
suffer from this as well.
If you just say, yeah,
cool. I would really like
to learn Ruby. I'll just
get around to reading that
book or that blog post
later, you know, you're not
going to get there. Whereas
if you set yourself a
goal and be like, all
right, I am going to
go and give a talk
at my local user group
about Ruby in two months.
That means I have to
go and learn how to
do it, work out what
I want to put in
the talk, you know, so
I'm ready to actually give
that talk. And I think
the study groups were actually
fantastic for that because you've
got a weekly thing that
you can't can't shift, that's
it, that's the time and
date that you're meeting up
every week. And so if
you haven't done your work
by then, then you, you
miss out, it's kind of
an opportunity that, that you
are missing out on rather
than someone judging you on.
So yeah, I, I deadlines.
I try to set myself
goals personally. I kind of
try and do one sort
of every year. So 2016
is my year of public
speaking. 2015 was my year
of, of kind of working
out more about algorithms and
data structures. 2014 was JavaScript.
So yeah, not sure what
2017 will be, but we'll
get around to it. That's
really cool. It sounds like
you have found your voice
and you're starting to put
it out there in a
lot of different ways. Yeah.
I'm really excited by that.
I'm really excited by the
kind of things that have
changed in my less compared
to five years ago, from
a career perspective, it just
feels really different. So it's
all about sort of starting
small and doing what you
think you you can do
now. And you'll find that
helps you get bigger things
on, on, in future. And
yeah, I would not have
predicted to you that I
would be talking to you
in a podcast. Yeah, You
do it. You've done these
things and they didn't just
happen. They happened because you
were conscious and you it's
continuous personal development. Yeah, exactly.
Very cool. Well, thanks so
much for chatting with me
today. Thank you, Scott. I
had a blast. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.